Love you
You should find out how many people he loves
So be it.
Let me reveal your ending in advance
You and the carpenter
Used by Yechen
After that, he was kicked away
And then you carry Yechen's child by yourself
I saw him fall in love with another woman with my own eyes
Then you can't take the blow yourself
Jumped off a building and committed suicide
You are talking nonsense how is this possible
Do it yourself
How is Qianqian?
It went well and ruined their relationship
Great, this is Yan Ruoxue's birthday party
I can definitely take him
Brother god
It's not fake, it's real, fool
I only love you
Okay, do I have anything else to do?
Hang up first.
Hmm love you
Brother Cheng must love me